Good afternoon Hello, there are cities
Khmelnitsky Ukraine Where are you from?
From Moscow we are like two deputies in shirts
with an earpiece,
but there is something to talk about,
in short,
how do you feel?  whether
or not your side fails in any conflict, it
must be supported by a great person, that
is, it turns out that
[music] an
artistic character said
No, he already said gave an interview
directly again you said the film
Brother 2 then in the film something I say the
character from Brother 2 Sergey  Bodrov is a
character so that
you support because just
some actor once said you
can talk about them for a long time, I'm ready
for long conversations
because I think that firstly
it's
listening, what I wanted to say
is that who sponsored the
Chechen grouping now
sponsored NATO, but  I’m asking you
of course I’m hearing for the first time that it was
sponsored entirely by the American
authorities who they paid to whom and how do
you that I will pay
well
your government’s statement
official documents
funded the Chechens in Chechnya come on
answer
You piled on the fan I was silent waiting
while you are okay
who  the
Americans financed the Chechens What
exactly through what did they pay whom Why am
I right I’m paying correctly that the
Americans paid money to Ramzan Kadyrov
Why specifically Ramzan Kadyrov fought
against the Russian troops So
besides him, the leader, others were yes, yes, well,
that is, the money is obtained by the Americans His
father was Akhmat To  do you want to
think now, really put the bottle on and think
for your words You want to say that
the Americans paid money to Ramzan
Kadyrov, his father Akhmat Kadyrov
Hello, why is Kadyrov specifically here
a thousand Kadyrov fought against the Russians
Akhmat Kadyrov called for killing Russians
as much as you can then you can see and then you can
see maybe  the Americans stopped
paying only
you said you said that the Americans
paid, that is, you now come on here you
have a chance now he got hooked Yes I got
very hooked This is a very important
question with
your mouth that Akhmat Kadyrov Say that
Akhmat Kadyrovich was paid to Ramzan Kadyrov's father by
the Americans tell me
who happened  I paid Kadyrov's shaggy man,
I'll fix it. This means you're claiming that
America paid for Akhmat
Kadyrov, I don't know anymore.
Dudayeva So who then
began to pay America
didn’t pay anyone anymore so paying
was still against Russia So it
turns out I don’t know
you just that
you know for sure America
- any Kadyrov was paid by a man, I’m
not a Horseshoe in this matter, I won’t
tell you for sure at all, here I
agree, I agree, I agree that when
Kadyrov pops up immediately,
American money is somehow
cut down and it’s
American
He killed 16 years, but it turns out for
American  money comes out
and it’s hard to see American money something
in Chechnya the weather is bad
about what he thinks about
the American hard to imagine
and not even hard to imagine that Kadyrov
with American money was hard to
imagine what will happen to you if you
say that Kadyrov fought with American
money  with Russia, the truth is
also true
[laughter]
such a daring yes, the
inner core told me better,
in short, the
American
funding
abruptly disappeared with him, it’s okay there were no
financers there I don’t know, I
didn’t keep anyone else, and so on Like
subscribe
now Kadyrov